Article One:

Zsa Zsa Gabor was married 9 times.
Jennifer O’Neill was 9.
Larry King was 8.
Elizabeth Taylor was 8.
Mickey Rooney was 8.
Lana Turner was 8.
Artie Shaw was 8.
Richard Pryor was 7.

Was at a play last night called Ava, which was a two person show starring Elizabeth McGovern playing Ava Gardner and described her marriages to Mickey Rooney, Artie Shaw and Frank Sinatra.

Really enjoyed it, but sitting there, I had something I noticed.

Why don’t celebrities get divorced as much anymore?

Sure, some do get divorced a lot.

Nicolas Cage is at 5.
Gary Oldman is at 5.
Billy Bob Thornton is at 6.

Celebrities divorce a lot, but it still comes nothing close to the celebrities that dominated in the mid 20th century, where they all had massive divorce sheets and made me curious why.

Did some digging and here’s what I came up with.

Reason One-Catholicism

14% of America was Catholic in 1900.
21% by 2000.

Not a giant increase, but influence, income status and geological divide has changed a lot.

In 1900, American Catholics were mainly all immigrants from Italy, Ireland, Poland and Germany, who were poor, lived mainly in the east coast and didn’t have much cultural relevance.

California is also the biggest example of the geography change, with only 1.5% of people being catholic there in 1900, to 27% today.

The reason this is an impact is how Catholics see divorce versus the other Christian faith’s.

The biggest divorce in history was between England and the Catholic Church over the right to divorce or not. Catholics see divorce as a grand sin, but aren’t as fixated on staying a virgin until married. The other Christian denominations were willing to make exceptions on divorce more liberally, but more against pre marital sex.

This is a factor in celebrity marriage culture, because initially it was the taboo to date someone and not marry. Today, the bigger taboo is marry and divorce, but dating or living together is the lesser evil, so celebrities opted for that.

Reason Two-Alimony

In 1969, California became the first state to introduce no fault divorce laws, which spread like fires in LA nationally.

Before, the only way to get alimony was a woman would have to prove she was at no fault at all. Quite literally cases existed of women being beaten, but getting rejected for alimony for admitting to fight back in defense. Alimony was really tough to get and when granted, it would be enough for food and shelter.

Today…

Mel Gibson lost 425 million in his divorce.
Michael Jordan lost 168 million.
Tiger Woods lost 110 million.
Harrison Ford lost 85 million.
Garth Brooks lost 125 million.

Brendan Fraser had numerous injuries from filming Mummy 3, so when unable to work recovering from surgery asked the judge to reduce his alimony bill to his ex from $900,000 a year to $450,000 and got rejected.

Jon Cryer from two and a half men was paying his ex wife $100,000 a year, but she sued him for more after his career picked up and spent tens of thousands to try and get a million yearly. She lost, but says a lot that wasn’t thrown out in court.

Divorce has gotten so expensive and so risky, someone getting married for 30 days could lose half of everything they own, when back in the day, a short lived marriage would have no consequence.

This is probably the biggest reason here.

Reason Three-Studio liability

In 1941, Judy Garland was scandal plagued at the age of 19. She had all this fame for Wizard of Oz at 17, but her pure image to the public was being lost. MGM who sadly kind of owned her at the time pitched her on the idea of marrying composer David Rose, who was 22 years older and likely pushed the idea on MGM. The case was it’d purify her image to the public and escape the tabloids.

This was sadly common…

Mickey Rooney and Ava Gardner were set up by MGM.
Jean Harlow and Paul Bern were setup by MGM.
Rock Hudson who was gay got setup by Universal to Phyllis Gates to cover it up.

In history, there’s about 15-30 real examples of celebrities getting into rapid marriages by studios or agents in a pressure for the public.

That was the past, but compare to today…

Mischa Barton did an interview saying in 2005, her agent pressured her to date Leonardo DiCaprio, saying it’d boost her image. She discussed that and since, the agent has looked like a public freak, getting no huge consequence, but just public shame.

In 1950, it’s unlikely the public or courts would care much about claims a studio arranged a marriage, but cut to 2025, it’s not out of the realm of possibilities a person could sue an agent for just proposing it and 100% possible they could publicly ruin a career for it.

There’s more consequence, so studios aren’t as quick to make an arranged marriage Game of Thrones style.

Final thoughts

Obviously celebrities still divorce a lot, but there was this time in history the A class of Hollywood actors that defined movies for a couple generations were all in the 5-10 divorce zone, being seen as common. Today, the trend is fewer divorces the better and seems to be a few logical reasons for it.


Article Two:

771,000 American’s are homeless

38% of homeless people are dependent on alcohol.
26% are addicted to at least one drug.
13% are veterans with PTSD.

67-77% have a mental disorder.

There’s been this big discussion on US homeless rates for over 100 years, where people always tie it back to poverty and make it a money problem.

America today

1.1 million public housing units exist and more are growing rapidly.
2.2 million people live in them.
9 million people are on HUD, getting rent subsidy.

About 11 million people total are getting kept out of being homeless via public programs that exist today and they are actually really cheap in the grand scheme of things.

73 billion dollars is the budget for the HUD department, where the biggest expense are checks to the 9 million people using it.

That sounds like a lot, but in the grand scheme it’s not.

5.4 trillion is the federal budget.
73 billion is HUD.
1.4%

Realistically, housing the 771,000 homeless people in the US via HUD would only take an extra 10% added to HUD or .1% of the current budget.

Best part?

Funds are already there…

HUD has the ability to overspend for homelessness surges and most if not all of the 770,000 likely could get HUD with some basic applications.

So why don’t they do it?

1. Mental illness. Most obvious, where many can’t fill out the forms.
2. Substance abuse. Visibly having issues and getting caught cost them access.
3. Better options. This isn’t discussed enough, but a decent amount of homeless people aren’t actually homeless. Many have friends or family they stay with, but technically aren’t residents, so sometimes get marked as homeless due to them not having an official residence. They prefer this between living situations, so they opt to not to do HUD or anything.

That said, why am I writing this?

Because the homeless narrative is totally wrong and I think intentionally made that way to fit a narrative.

The argument we need…

More public rehab centers.
Better care for veterans
More mental hospitals and treatment research

What we get…

Tax the rich to house the homeless!
Why does Elon Musk exist when we have the homeless!
Why does Amazon exist when we have the homeless!!!

Reality is we could realistically house every homeless person with our current budget or relocating about .3% of the existing budget to it, but the problem is this is a far far deeper issue over money.

It’s also an issue I feel many in the left don’t want to bring up on a realistic level, because it’s more fun to say we should gut Jeff Bezos and build a million homes that most homeless people wouldn’t even live in.


Article Three:

Got briefly suspended from YouTube and why this shows a lot of issues with Ai.

Polls

A sub feature to YouTube is the community feed, which really is just identical to Facebook and everything I post here goes there, but gets literally 1000x more people seeing it.

My favorite feature to it are polls and quizzes, because I do a few everyday and have been lucky enough to save they’ve gotten total over a billion votes and now around 50+ of them have broken a million votes.

Why do I do this?

1. Growth. I have a little over a million subscribers and about 30% came via polls/quizzes over videos.
2. Recognition. There’s a very VERY different demographic of people who subscribe for polls/quizzes over my videos, so it’s nice to reach new people. In fact, the first time I ever got asked for a photo by a subscriber was from a 50 year old man who asked if I was the poll guy on YouTube.
3. Fun. It’s genuinely just fun to ask questions that sometimes are controversial and see they get hundreds of thousands if not millions of votes. Especially due to them taking 30 seconds to make, so the return on time investment to reach millions is 100000% worth it.

Types of questions can be simple, but sometimes go full politics or economics, asking about Israel v Palestine, Epstein, socialism v capitalism and a lot more. Some questions are controversial, but never had a problem until Saturday.

“Should a 10 year old be able to play Grand Theft Auto?”

Asked that question and got 1.2 million votes.

It was also a pretty controversy free question. Just asked basic parenting/gaming opinions and the images used were a gif of a kid playing video games and a gif of a car in GTA exploding. Also, a photo of me of course making the unsure face.

Really simple, but… Ryan’s World!

Ryan Kaji is a toddler turned kid turned teenager whose parents made him a social media star unboxing toys/candy for kids and the family made tens of millions off it.

Problem? They oversold.

Chuck E Cheese
Hasbro
Hershey’s

They did these entire videos, which weren’t reviews, but paid promotions of brands for kids, which is technically illegal. There’s a law set in kids programming that ads can only be around 18% of the programming shown. It’s why with many kids shows, networks often made in commercial break sketches, just to have material to avoid going over the 18% line, while still having standard episode runtimes allowing for commercials.

YouTube didn’t enforce this and in 2019, they had to pay a 170 million dollar settlement over it.

Where this relates to me?

Basically some Ai made for YouTube goes around to monitor anything marketing to kids and thought I was promoting the game Grand Theft Auto to kids. It basically just read a products name and saw 10 year old, so it linked the two and thought it was me selling violent video games to kids…

What happened next?

Appealed it and got rejected in 45 seconds. The claim to an appeal is a human sees it, but I’d have some serious doubt any human saw it in that time. If a human saw it, my guess is some person overseas, who didn’t really give any actual thought to it in the slightest and just shut me down.

My penalty was I couldn’t post for a week, which sucks, because that’s a lot of engagement and also not good when last week, I was in Montauk not posting much and on vacation next week for my birthday also.

The thing that helped?

Reps…

When crossing 100,000 subscribers, YouTube begins to give reps, which are a dedicated customer service line and can do everything from addressing issues in YouTube to even hooking up with brand deals.

It’s also a little political.

Being a youtube shorts creator, I got put into a program they have giving reps to those creators and in all honesty, they are sort of terrible. Don’t want to do a huge bash to them, but the program itself. They have so many shorts creators and so few reps, there’s a situation where one shorts rep has basically 500 people. It something that doesn’t really make a ton of sense, because my channel is producing over $100,000 a year just off YouTube ad revenue and I have to get the same rep and same attention as someone who might only get 1% of that… Kind of BS.

The long form reps are actually really good, where often they only have 15-20 people they represent. Issue is getting one is sort of weird, where it’s more of the rep choosing the YouTuber and even guys with 5+ million subscribers aren’t promised one. I got one this year, but only happened at an event and that rep who is really cool ran into me and said he watches my videos/votes in my polls. We became friends and he became my dedicated guy, so relations are a lot better.

He got the strike removed and a warning removed for something similar that I didn’t even realize happened in February, but it was a similar poll.

He never saw a strike for a poll before.
The team was hard to reach.
I had to send in a written appeal.

It got fixed, but fixed on the fourth day of a seven day suspension. It took that long…

I got an email saying the strike was removed and content will be restored.

No apology
Nothing to make things right for lost revenue.
No promise it won’t happen again.

What this all means?

Ai censorship can be really dumb, where via YouTube’s own admission I did NOTHING wrong and even on a channel that has over a billion views, a million subscribers, a billion votes in polls/quizzes and makes solid revenue, I got stuck either in bad Ai limbo or dealing with censorship employees likely in a 120 degree room in Bangladesh…

Rant over, but proof YouTube can really REALLY be a pain and the others also!