Charles Peralo robbed an ice cream truck on a hot July day armed with an umbrella just to steal the last Choco Taco and give it to the guy trapped in his basement!”

Okay… That didn’t happen!

Hey guys, my name is Charles Peralo and in some circumstance, I got famous for that.

“Millie Bobby Brown thong incident causes controversy!”

“Jenna Ortega got 350 million hours watched on Wednesday, but it all started with her wearing blood!”

“Jim Parsons was the highest paid Young Sheldon actor who never appeared, but now says he’s out of the franchise for good!”

Clickbait

A word often linked for bad content, lies and low effort, but for me, it’s kind of the path to get people engaged in actual knowledge.

Millie Bobby Brown wearing a thong in Italy?

Turn it into a video on how that headline came out when she just turned 18, show data it had more traffic than all Stranger Things news combined and make it a piece on the media grooming actresses as teens.

Jenna Ortega wore blood?

Show how at the time she was labeled a Disney kid and due to an accident, showed up to her Wednesday audition with blood on her face. Went unconventional in branding and shows how sticking out lands a job.

Jim Parsons quit Big Bang Theory?

Tell a story of a man who wasn’t even wanted for the part he dominated and ended up making 1.2 million an episode, but ultimately called it quits.

I make headlines that are sometimes silly, sometimes tricky and sometimes weird, but they lead to stories that pack a bunch and sometimes actually get to teach people things.

I’ve done it a lot the last four years of my life and it’s lead to over 2 million followers on social media, 2.5 billion views, 1 billion votes in polls/quizzes and a lot of fun memories making clickbait educational.

And this is my website!

Three reasons I made it.

1. Narcissism

Well… Gotta a little bit of that going for me, so of course I spent $2,000 buying the domain to my last name and gotta put a site up for it.

1. Building a company

In my life, I’ve failed at more startups than I could count. Goal was always building a company, but the reality is I was trying to build being NEET.

No
Education
Employment
Training

The true signs of a really great founder!

Well, doing this for years now and reaching tens of millions, I guess I have training, employment and hey, maybe even something the world can call education now.

I’ve always wanted to scale a company and I’m not getting any younger, so this site, this newsletter and the topics discussed are part of that plan.

1. Passion

During the pandemic, I had my 8th startup fail and also a presidential campaign I was running end in the same two weeks. I was perpetually single, broke, had six rotten teeth and was living at home trying to be discreet stealing twenties from my dad’s drawer when he was sleeping to go buy food. Didn’t have a lot going for me, but I did really really have a passion for writing.

I became a biking bum in the Catskills and wrote everyday, just on Facebook, discussing policy, politics, business, entertainment, technology and many other things. It was just some inner love of learning and discussing what was learned in a way that tried to keep biased low and bring different perspectives into topics which didn’t get talked a lot about. I’d spend hours daily, celebrate the 30 likes a post I’d get and actually made some great contacts and friends, due to the posts being shared in the pandemic.

Eventually the friends reading suggested I try TikTok and somehow got more linked in celebrity news, but writing wise, I still felt that tick, that urge to research, write and create conversations. So… That’s what I’m doing!

What we’re going to talk about?

Everything and anything!

It could be the economics of McDonald’s ice cream machines, debunking internet pseudo economics, reviewing tv shows or breaking down how much money Sydney Sweeney’s boobs could be insured for. It’s just whatever comes to mind that makes a fun and interesting topic!

What are my qualifications?

Hey, if Pete Hegseth can run the military, I can get a newsletter…

What is this all trying to accomplish?

Goal A is building a trillion dollar company.

Goal B is having a lot of fun discussing stuff.

Not going to say A won’t happen, but will be happy with B.

Who the hell are you again?

The guy who started out biking in the Catskills with teeth falling out of his mouth and turned an obsolete smart phone camera into 2.5 million daily viewers for three years, millions in revenue on Snapchat, recognition from names like Mark Cuban and Mr Beast and the guy who is going to be one of the biggest content creators ever!

I’m Charles Peralo, get ready to learn something!